Add Ports field to app spec (#47706)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/terraform-provider/data-sources/app.mdx

- `name` (String) Name is the http header name.
- `value` (String) Value is the http header value.

### Nested Schema for `spec.tcp_ports`

Optional:

> - `end_port` (Number) EndPort describes the end of the range, inclusive. It must be between 2-65535 and be greater than Port when describing a port range. When describing a single port, it must be set to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `end_port` (Number) EndPort describes the end of the range, inclusive. If set, it must be between 2 and 65535 and be greater than Port when describing a port range. When omitted or set to zero, it signifies that the port range defines a single port.
```

> - `port` (Number) Port describes the start of the range. It must be between 1-65535.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `port` (Number) Port describes the start of the range. It must be between 1 and 65535.
```
